README.md, before:

# Test for Applicants

## Context

As a QA in an Agile team, you’re part of a team developing a new cool feature, which mainly comprises a front-end application and a REST API. 
As so you must ensure all front-end API dependent operations respond successfully, according to the business rules and any unwanted changes are detected prior to the production environment. 

With this in mind your team needs to ensure that on each API deploy you have no fallbacks and REST operations are according the architecture. 
Having this in mind you’ll prototype a proof-of-concept to the CTO so he understands how important this is.

## Story

Please build a project that ensures a rigid testing plan of the following REQRES API: **[https://reqres.in/](https://reqres.in/).**

You’ll find the REST operations permitted in the link provided. Exploit the greater coverage as possible with all possible scenarios in mind. 

## Enhancement

Choose *one* of the following and add it to your implementation:

1. Test report: Add a reporting system to your implementation in order to have the visibility of your coverage. Please also have in mind that the report sytem should also provide an easy integration with a centralized test report system.
2. Dockerization: Build a Docker support in order to take the API tests system to the CI&CD pipeline.	

## Requirements

Feel free to adopt the best technologies you find suitable for the end goal. Still we need to impose the following requirements:

1. Please use git as a version control system. Make sure that you have clear commit messages and understandable steps in your git-history ([How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)).
2. Document your work.
3. Provide a README and instructions for how we can run your solution. **Note** It should be runnable with one command.
4. Respect modularity and scalable solution for further test suites.

Commit message:

Add readme project instruction
In this file i explain the strategy adopted. And some problems / questions

README.md, after:

# Application

## Story

Please build a project that ensures a rigid testing plan of the following REQRES API: **[https://reqres.in/](https://reqres.in/).**

You’ll find the REST operations permitted in the link provided. Exploit the greater coverage as possible with all possible scenarios in mind.

##Strategy

After some searchs i decide to cretae a node project and then i choove some tools.

Supertest (https://www.npmjs.com/package/supertest) for testing HTTP requests;
Mocha javascript framework running on node to make asynchronous testing
Chai as BDD assertion library with should format

In order two create the test cases i try to adapt a page object model. So, I create a test folder and inside i create two folders:
request-definition based on supertest framework template where i create the request to reqres and assertion definition, page-objects folder was created in order to organize the body responses and facilitate possible future maintenance. I used lodash in order to avoid Undefined res data which avoid that our tests blow up.

Reporting in only user mocha-reporter framework in order create pretty-prints and the user and the user can debug.


##How to run project

To run the project locally first you need to install the npm packages:

npm install

Run the tests:

npm test

Notes:

In case of tests that we need to send some data update(Post and patch http methods) of create (Put http method) I had thought to implement some tests in order to validate sending wrong data (login-request >> should login successful invalid parameters). In this cases even when i send wrong request values the response is the same and in my point of view the test should fail.
